Is this what conquering is?
hiding from the fight?
Oh no.
Your own life.
Yeah Thanks for the lift.
Yeah,
no problem.
You got this.
These things are gonna keep coming.
OK.
You get technical.
I'm on bug duty.
Let's do it.
Yes,
it was gross.
Oh.
Oh Thank you.
This is a bad.
What See it.
Whatever you're in the middle of,
it's spreading for miles.
Satellite shows civilians moving east.
They're not gonna make it.
Bury it.
I need you to take a walk.
God,
I hope this is East.
Right
not its mother,
the power,
and power is the only law.
Uh
They're all too weak to see the truth.
Well.
I believe in truth.
But I'm also a big fan of justice.
Oh All right.
Mm Oh yeah
Oh So how do I
help?
We buy him some time.
He can stop that box from destroying all life on Earth.
We hope.
Well,
I knew you didn't bring me back because you liked me.
I don't.
No.
Civilians very headed.
There's too many of them.
Yeah Come on.